Barcode scanning step (#2168)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/partials/generic-ui-steps.adoc

When I take screenshot to path `${screenshot-directory}/#{generate(Ancient.god)}.png`
----

=== Scan QR code

> Scan a QR code and save its value to the variable with the specified variable

Reviewer: Could you please describe what types of codes are supported?

Actions performed at this step:

> * Takes a screenshot and saves it to the default location

Reviewer 2: documentation needs to be updated

When I take screenshot to path `${screenshot-directory}/#{generate(Ancient.god)}.png`
----

=== Scan barcode

> Scan a barcode and save its value to the variable with the specified variable. Only the first founded barcode will be scanned.

Reviewer 3: with the specified name?

Author: 👍

Supported Code Formats

[cols="2,2,2", options="header"]
|===

|1D product
|1D industrial
|2D

a|
* UPC-A
* UPC-E
* EAN-8
* EAN-13
* UPC/EAN Extension 2/5
* RSS-14
* RSS-Expanded
a|
* Code 39
* Code 93
* Code 128
* Codabar
* ITF
a|

> * QR Code

Reviewer 2: since QR code is the only one of the supported formats, shouldn't we change `QR code` value to something more generic, e.g. `barcode`?

* Data Matrix
* Aztec
* PDF 417
* MaxiCode

|===

Actions performed at this step:

* Takes a viewport screenshot

> * Scan a QR code and save its value to the variable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Scans a QR code from the screenshot and save its value to the variable
```

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I scan a QR Code from screen and save result to $scopes variable `$variableName`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When I scan QR Code from screen and save result to $scopes variable `$variableName`
```

----

* `$scopes` - xref:commons:variables.adoc#_scopes[The comma-separated set of the variables scopes].

> * `$variableName` - The name of the variable to save the number of elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `$variableName` - The name of the variable to save the value of the QR code.
```

.Scan a QR Code
[source,gherkin]
----

> When I scan a QR Code from screen and save result to scenario variable `qrCodeLink`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When I scan QR Code from screen and save result to scenario variable `qrCodeLink`
```
